When will Jesus separate the sheep from the goats?
When were true Christians held captive by Babylon the Great?
There have been so many interesting developments in our understanding that I have deeply appreciated.
However, some adjustments were a challenge for me.
I was baptized in 1960 when I was 12 years old.
I enjoyed the circuit and district work for 41 years.
In 1971, I was serving as the congregation's servant.
The divine name district assembly shined new light of truth.
Before then, congregations had just one overseer, the congregation's servant.
But that assembly highlighted it just as Philippians won one shows.
The first century Christian congregations had more than one elder.
One day, there was a letter in my mailbox. It was from the branch.
The letter said that the arrangement for a body of elders would start.
So to prepare the congregation committee and exemplar brothers had to meet and recommend those they believe could serve as elders.
We prayerfully discussed a matter.
And all of us were recommended as ministerial servants.
Until then, I had given public talks and other congregations and that circuit assemblies.
Now, I would not be given such assignments.
Many elders from other congregations would come up to me and ask,
Brother Ishibashi, can you come and give a talk at our congregation?
Oh, sorry, I can't. I'm not an elder.
What? Everyone looked genuinely surprised that really tested my humility and at times, I felt quite depressed.
As proverb score 18 says,
The path of the righteous is like the bright morning light.
With each flash of light, I needed to adjust to Jehovah's way of thinking and way of handling things and keep moving ahead.
I prayerfully shifted gears. I had many things to do, so I devoted myself to the field service and to congregation activities.
And I rejoiced over the congregation's growth.
Having a body of elders helped many brothers.
It helped them reach out and attain the scriptural qualifications to be an elder.
Better arrangement helps decisions to be made in better harmony with Jehovah's will.
Those are great changes.
A few months later, I received another letter from the branch.
It said that I was to serve as an elder in a different congregation.
When I receive new publications or a new watchtower magazine,
I always study them carefully to see if there are any new understandings or topics to study further.
I also look up the beliefs clarified section in the publications index,
and I make it a topic of personal study.
This research has really benefited me.
Jehovah is the God of love.
By clarifying our beliefs, he has adjusted our organization to be more holy and more effective in carrying out his will.
God's people are just getting better and better.
We are always at new heights.
It is so different from how the world is.
I want to keep moving forward with Jehovah whenever he shows us his will as he guides us into the paradise to come.